# Portfolio
Portfolio for Lucas Hemming

I have been a student at Iowa State University for 3 years starting in fall of 2023, strong interest in systems design. Particular interest in VLSI/ASIC design, largely becuase it's a big intersection and involved many different modes and methods of design. Before that I transfered from Madison College in Madison, Wisconsin where I went for around 2 years. I think of myself as an engineer who wants to be very familiary with every level and layer in a system, and because systems these days are so complex this is a challenge. The upper level courses I took at Iowa State reflect that. I took higher level courses in Analog VLSI, Highspeed Systems(RF), Machine Learning(signal processing and computer vision), and Computer Architecture. This is a fairly odd spread of courses, but I found that it gave me a very strong foundation in many layers that are fundamental to electrical engineering. I find that projects are the best ways to explore a topic and at ISU I had many opportunities in classes to have fairly free reign to explore a project and do with it whatever I wished. I think this free formed approach to a lot of the given projects inspired me to continue on with some personal projects, and gave me confidence in my ability as an engineer, while also somewhat tempering myself with the difficulty involved in continuing a project until supposed completion.

Outside of class project's I am a dad and have been for the whole time I was at ISU, I would be lying if I said balancing home life with my partner and son didn't contribute some unique challenges to life at Iowa State, but all in all professors and classmates were always understanding and accomodating when they could be, and I never felt like I was not supported in my education. I also have always had an interest in game development and design, even if that isn't something I want to do professionally, as an Electrical Engineering student I had plenty of opportunities in class's and with fellow students to explore extracuricular interests. While in this portfolio I only shared a few project's that I have been involved in there had been plenty of other places where I as an engineer grew, and I will always look back on my time at ISU fondly as a place where I grew a lot.
